fix MCP cursor integration settings (#138)
kluster-ai/docs: get-started/mcp/integrations.md

    5. Restart VS Code.

=== "Cursor"

>     ![](/images/get-started/mcp/integrations/integrations-2.webp){ style="width:80%;" }

Reviewer: This should go at the bottom after the steps

    Open Cursor settings and:
    
    1. Select **Tools & Integrations**.

>     2. Choose **New MCP Server** and add the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. To add your first MCP, click **Add Custom MCP**. To add additional MCPs later, use **New MCP Server**. Then enter the following configuration:
```

The first time it just shows something a little bit different, so this covers all bases

            
        ```json

>         {
>         "mcpServers": {
>          "kluster-verify-mcp": 
>             {
>             "url": "https://api.kluster.ai/v1/mcp",
>             "headers": {
>               "Authorization": "Bearer YOUR_MCP_TOKEN"
>             }
>           }
>         }
>         }   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        {
            "mcpServers": {
                "kluster-verify-mcp": {
                    "url": "https://api.kluster.ai/v1/mcp",
                    "headers": {
                        "Authorization": "Bearer YOUR_MCP_TOKEN"
                    }
                }
            }
        }
```
